so my first reaction to the arrival of
my sample of a retail k70 RGB was like
wow gee awesome I'm gonna go plug it in
right now I'm gonna get me sweet and I
can't wait
I then proceeded to calmly and patiently
wait for the new course error Utility
engine queue software to download and
install fired it up and after faffing
about for a couple minutes realized I
had no idea how to do anything so I
checked the box for the manual only to
discover that the reason courser makes
you download the manual is that it's a
hundred and forty two pages long that's
when it hit me this review was going to
take a while
coolermaster neptune series CPU coolers
are available in a variety of radiator
sizes to perfectly suit your next build
click now to learn more we'll start with
a physical overview if you've seen one
k70 you've pretty much seen them all the
layout is a standard 104 key with no
deal breaking alterations like a short
backspace key and a couple much
appreciated additions namely a hardware
switch for polling rates I recommend
leaving this at the default setting and
bios mode which improves compatibility
particularly outside of your OS on older
hardware it's got a three level
brightness toggle a windows lock key 5
media keys and a classy looking textured
metal volume wheel Corsair continues to
include soft touch rubberized wrist
rests and as someone who won't use a
keyboard without one I consider this
very important and they continue to
deliver the same pleasing fit and finish
that we've come to expect over the last
few years with a gorgeous solid brushed
aluminum backplate rubber bottom flip
out feet and a braided dual USB power
cord although it should be noted that
the second connector with two arrows on
it is not for a pass-through port but
just extra power for the RGB LED
lighting and significantly upgraded
micro controller when you're using USB 2
if you plug in via USB 3 you only need
the connector with the picture of the
keyboard on it and you can leave the
other one dangling so let's dive right
into it shall we
you well publicized and much-anticipated
special sauce here is Cherry's
implementation for now exclusive to
Corsair of RGB lighting within their MX
series key switches replacing the single
three millimeter to lead led embedded on
the top of the switch directly below the
key cap is a new system that mounts an
RGB LED to the PCB of the keyboard and
uses a translucent key cap housing and
lens to focus the light so from the
outside it looks very similar to the
older style of course this would all be
meaningless if performance was
compromised in any way and keyboard
enthusiasts will be happy to know that
the tactile characteristics of the red
blue and brown Cherry MX switches that
this keyboard is available with that
launch are untainted and another
desirable side effect is that the LEDs
are less susceptible to failure due to
static discharge because their surface
mounted in the keyboard so so far sounds
good all around but of course if it's
impossible to use then this is all a
purely academic discussion so let's dive
into the documentation for the Corsair
utility engine software the main reason
this keyboard has been delayed and
delayed and delayed some more and find
out if a little bit of good old
fashioned aren t f'ing M is going to get
me through this
we'll start with profiles not to be
confused with modes which are sort of
like sub profiles profiles store their
modes and foreground lighting effects
and can be switched automatically when
certain applications launch or manually
using the system tray icon something you
may find yourself doing often when
setting up lighting effects since
sometimes you'll have to change them to
get settings to apply modes coexist with
profiles you must always have one of
each loaded at least they can have their
own background color schemes over which
the foreground lighting effects will run
but they are inexplicably missing
functionality like the ability to have
continuous wave patterns or their own
reactive typing schemes so you'll likely
need a handful of profiles to get the
variety that you obviously crave because
you
spent a couple of hundred dollars on a
keyboard that lights up funny modes also
store button assignments and the options
here are basically endless every button
on the keyboard
even the LED brightness toggle which I
rebound to mode switching because the
keyboard lacks any dedicated buttons for
that or even general purpose macro
buttons is completely reprogrammable
we're talking text input shortcuts to
the homepage of your favorite website or
applications or whatever overlaid
countdown timers for gamers although
that overlay features a bit of a
work-in-progress Mouse dpi changes mouse
movement nouse clicks separate macro
execution for the downstroke and release
of the key and even different lighting
effects to go along with it it's pretty
cumbersome but the groundwork has been
laid here for coursers RGB series to be
the most powerful keyboards ever made
and never mind just for gaming for
anything that requires execution of of
macros or other complex functionality
and we haven't even talked about the
lighting yet it took me a few hours to
get the hang of it but not at least not
entirely because I'm an idiot I spent
most of that time being frustrated by
bugs like needing to drag a mode to the
top of the list and sometimes quickly
switch profiles in order to preview what
I was doing and not being able to find
mode switching within the actions editor
because it's the one thing that's not in
there no you need to right click the
button instead but once I got the hang
of it I found myself able to do some
moderately cool stuff I can set up
different key actions per mode clone my
modes entirely within a profile change
any key to any color I want even the
media keys setup reactive typing on a
single key or in a ripple effect I can
set up wave starting on the side or in
the center with whatever colors I want I
can export the file to carry it with me
to other computers or share with friends
and coolest of all I can just not be
arsed to do any of this and download
profiles from the corsair forum where
folks are already doing stuff but i
couldn't figure out how to do but here i
ran into another problem when you import
someone else
profile it adds all of the crap from
theirs into yours with the only way to
get around that being to manually delete
them all or wipe out everything in the
software and while I saw stuff that I
wasn't sure how to do most of it was
pretty simple different time delays
longer or shorter trails on in effect
more or fewer colors where's the full
program ability that you promised
Corsair Lua as they call it is not here
yet
which I guess is both encouraging and
discouraging because it means it's less
complicated for now but it also means
that it's good to get more complicated
later in order to unlock the full
potential of this bad boy so I guess
that leads pretty well into conclusion
time and it's not a simple conclusion in
the ten years I've been using Corsair
products I've seen innovation and I've
seen success but I've also seen failure
so what is the k70 right now I would say
it's both the idea is a success but the
endless delays gave their competitors
the better part of a year to react and
bring their own solutions to market now
that it's finally here I'd say the
quality of the hardware is a smashing
success but the software is to put it
bluntly not I mean its features our
success compared to other products
currently on the market but compared to
the expectations that they set they're
not and I'm sure they'd prefer if I just
ignore the uproar over the course
they're gaming rebrand initiative
speaking of things that are not that
successful right now so the Queen a 70
RGB won't be taking home an editor's
choice or anything today but what I will
say based on my experience with Corsair
is that well this was not a smooth
product launch the battle for RGB
keyboard dominance is far from over for
all their flaws course there's RGB
keyboards have a few key advantages
versus their competition number one is
excitement this is the most anticipated
keyboard in the history of computer
enthusiasts ever as far as I can tell
number two they are first to market they
exist people are buying them and more
importantly not returning them the bugs
appear to be software rather than
hardware issues which makes patching the
ones in the field relatively simple and
gives corsair much-needed capital
to continue to develop the product and
number three is that Corsair always
comes up swinging when they smell blood
and I bet they do right now I mean this
is the first time an established gaming
peripheral maker and in this case two of
them has ever reacted so quickly to
something little old Corsair has done
and if I was those competitors I would
make damn good ensure that the chroma
and the G 910 are strong reactions the
last time Corsair entered a category
this aggressively the PC power supply
and case industry was dominated by a
little company called an Tech and the
rest is history ain't it anyway
expect to see coverage of the K 95 or K
65 the macro button equipped and 10
keyless variants of the K 70 when I've
had a chance to scope out the
competition or when Corsair turns their
software from something that limps along
functionally into something worthy of
the course their name or the Corsair
gaming name with some bat lifting or
whatever it is they're calling
themselves these days guys thanks for
watching like this video if you liked it
dislike it if you disliked it leave a
comment letting me know do you believe
that Corsair can ultimately deliver what
they promised with the hardware here and
if so are you buying one guys check out
the link in the video description to
support us you can buy a cool t-shirt
like this one you can change your Amazon
bookmarks one with our affiliate codes
if we give a small kickback and you can
even give us a monthly contribution
directly all that stuff helps us out a
lot thanks again for watching and as
always don't forget to subscribe